---
layout: member
category: student
title: Yuzhi Chen
image: yuzhichen.jpg
role: PhD Student
permalink: 'team/yuzhichen'
social:
    google-scholar: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=bxzoBQkAAAAJ
    github: https://www.webofscience.com/wos/author/record/ABF-1053-2020
    orcid: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-2321-993X
    research-gate: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Yuzhi-Chen-3
education:
 - School of Transportation, Southeast University, Ph.D., 2022.06-2026.07 (expected)
 - School of Architecture and Transportation, Guilin University of Electronic Technology,  Master's, 2019.09-2022.06
 - College of Architectural Science and engineering, Yangzhou University,  Bachelor's, 2015.09-2019.06
research_interest: 
  - Intelligent Transportation Systems, connected automated driving , Crash Risk Measure, Risky Driving Behavior & Safety, Big Data Mining & Analysis, Intelligent Parking Scheduling & Management
email:
 - yuzhi_chen@seu.edu.cn
---

Yuzhi Chen is a Ph.D. candidate at Southeast University, advised by Prof. Chen Wang. He is currently in the second year of his doctoral studies, expected to graduate before June 2026.

He has applied for over **10 invention patents, 8 granted**, and published **11 academic  papers** in SCI or EI-indexed journals. He received several awards and honors, including the **National Scholarship for Graduate Students (twice)**, **Excellent Master Theses**, **Excellent Graduate Students of Guangxi Province**, and so on. He chaired the Postgraduate Research & Practice Innovation Program of Jiangsu Province, the Innovative Entrepreneurship Training Program for university students in Jiangsu and the Innovation Project of GUET Graduate Education.

He serves as reviewers for International journals including Accident Analysis and Prevent, Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence, Neural Computing and Applications, The Journal of Supercomputing, COTA CICTP, TRB,IET Intelligent Transport Systems, and IET Image Processing. He has completed **more than 100 review articles**.

**【Projects】**

- **Tsinghua-Toyota Automated Driving Project**: The traffic accident detection and report of automated vehicles at Lv4 level

- **National Natural Science Foundation of China**: Risk evaluation technology of human-computer driving intelligent vehicle under complex traffic environment (No. 52262047)

- **Specific Research Project of Guangxi for Research Bases and Talents**: Intelligent control technology of urban traffic based on the deep integration of big data (No. AD20159035)

- **Natural Science Foundation of Guangxi Province**: Risky driving behavior of electric bicycles in sophisticated road traffic environment (No. 2020GXNSFAA159153)

- **Traffic impact assessment of the control plan of Guilin China Resources Phase II site of CR Land South China Region**

- **Industry Standards at Provincial and Ministerial Levels: Urban public transport stations construction standards**

- **An Innovative Entrepreneurship Training Program for university students in Jiangsu Province** (No.201811117082X)

- **Innovation Project of GUET Graduate Education**: Driver risk perception in an intelligent vehicle-road collaborative context. (No.2020YCXS121)

- **Postgraduate Research & Practice Innovation Program of Jiangsu Province**: Risk Identification and Hierarchical Collaborative Intervention for Intelligent Vehicles Considering Human-Machine Co-Driving States(No. KYCX23_0306)

